worldcom boss  left books alone  former worldcom boss bernie ebbers  who is accused of overseeing an $11bn (£5.8bn) fraud  never made accounting decisions  a witness has told jurors.  david myers made the comments under questioning by defence lawyers who have been arguing that mr ebbers was not responsible for worldcom s problems. the phone company collapsed in 2002 and prosecutors claim that losses were hidden to protect the firm s shares. mr myers has already pleaded guilty to fraud and is assisting prosecutors.  on monday  defence lawyer reid weingarten tried to distance his client from the allegations. during cross examination  he asked mr myers if he ever knew mr ebbers  make an accounting decision  .  not that i am aware of   mr myers replied.  did you ever know mr ebbers to make an accounting entry into worldcom books   mr weingarten pressed.  no   replied the witness. mr myers has admitted that he ordered false accounting entries at the request of former worldcom chief financial officer scott sullivan. defence lawyers have been trying to paint mr sullivan  who has admitted fraud and will testify later in the trial  as the mastermind behind worldcom s accounting house of cards.  mr ebbers  team  meanwhile  are looking to portray him as an affable boss  who by his own admission is more pe graduate than economist. whatever his abilities  mr ebbers transformed worldcom from a relative unknown into a $160bn telecoms giant and investor darling of the late 1990s. worldcom s problems mounted  however  as competition increased and the telecoms boom petered out. when the firm finally collapsed  shareholders lost about $180bn and 20 000 workers lost their jobs. mr ebbers  trial is expected to last two months and if found guilty the former ceo faces a substantial jail sentence. he has firmly declared his innocence.
tigers wary of farrell  gamble  leicester say they will not be rushed into making a bid for andy farrell should the great britain rugby league captain decide to switch codes.   we and anybody else involved in the process are still some way away from going to the next stage   tigers boss john wells told bbc radio leicester.  at the moment  there are still a lot of unknowns about andy farrell  not least his medical situation.  whoever does take him on is going to take a big  big gamble.  farrell  who has had persistent knee problems  had an operation on his knee five weeks ago and is expected to be out for another three months. leicester and saracens are believed to head the list of rugby union clubs interested in signing farrell if he decides to move to the 15-man game.  if he does move across to union  wells believes he would better off playing in the backs  at least initially.  i m sure he could make the step between league and union by being involved in the centre   said wells.  i think england would prefer him to progress to a position in the back row where they can make use of some of his rugby league skills within the forwards.  the jury is out on whether he can cross that divide.  at this club  the balance will have to be struck between the cost of that gamble and the option of bringing in a ready-made replacement.
